When the preaching work was getting started in such countries as South Korea, Jehovah often used missionaries to help strengthen our brothers.
In an archived interview, Brother Jong-il Park describes the effect this had on his sacred service and how it prepared him for the trials he would face.
From 1939 on, our brothers didn't have any contact with Jehovah's organization and they thought that no organization exists.
And then in 1948, a brother read from a newspaper about the activity of Watchtower Society and it surprised the brothers.
So, brothers wrote the society and the society was so happy hearing from Korean brothers and they answered with many booklets in Korean.
There were two different reactions. Some brothers was excited about preaching work yet another group.
The question is that true organization of Jehovah, first missionary group brother and sister still arrived in August 9th, 1949.
All the questions were answered by a brother still and then right away brothers were preaching in unity.
I began pioneering in January 1950 and then March 1950, six more missionaries arrived from Gileo School.
We had only one congregation in Seoul and the missionaries were busy for many Bible studies.
So many interested persons coming to the meetings. The public talk was arranged in school auditorium, first time.
And there were over 360 people attending whereas the public was about 60.
The same day Korean War broke out and the missionaries had to leave in 27th of June to Japan.
And then our brothers had to take refuge to a thousand parts of Korea.
I was hiding in the country. Then a few days later the secret police from communist found us.
We explained to him as a Christian, we cannot participate in the war.
So we had to hide ourselves.
And then he says, well, I do not know much about religion so I better take one of my friends who knows about religion.
So I will come back tomorrow. Don't leave from here.
So then we waited until next day and he came with another.
So I started preaching from the Bible that why this war broke out and many problems in the war,
so on, because the fulfillment of Jesus' prophecy in March 24.
Then they said that, well, thank you very much for your preaching and then say goodbye.
Then two days later the letter one came with another friend so that we could preach to them.
During three months they were staying in Seoul and in fact they protected us.
I was picked by South Korean army and to serve the back support of the military in front line
to carry arms to the soldiers, which I could not accept.
So I refused it and then I was beat.
And then one day this company has to move to other place.
I hide myself in the behind of ceiling and so that they don't notice when they leave the place.
And the next morning when I came down, there were nothing left.
I walked on one street toward one direction and then I found a sign.
It says International Bible Students Association.
So I stayed with the brothers for six months.
The brothers still came back from Japan by himself so that they take care of the brothers.
In 1952, the brothers still recommended me to Gilles' school so that I was invited in 22nd class.
So I took the steps to get the passport.
And then the government found out that I didn't serve military.
They gave me the draft notice instead of passport.
So I had to stand for the neutrality instead of going Gilles' school.
It made me to be confined in military prison for two years.
Then 1958, I was enrolled in Gilles' school in 32nd class.
I really appreciate that Gilles' school training.
Since my job in the branch, especially in translation work,
it involves a deep knowledge.
And the Gilles' training was certainly helped in translation work.
The real appreciation about the truth and the organization,
the brothers' qualities, the humbleness, and weakness.
Certainly, it helped me to follow the examples to apply in the full-time service.
Did you know what Brother Parks said he appreciated most,
even after enduring persecution and prison for his faith?
It was the Christ-like qualities of his brothers,
and the training he received from Jehovah's organization.
Another example of the benefits that result from our meeting together.
If you'd like to find more ways to imitate Brother Parks' faith,
you can read his life story beginning on page 12 of the December 2008 issue of await.